feat: creating kotlin data analysis get started tutorial (#4108)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/data-analysis/get-started-with-kotlin-notebooks.md

[//]: # (title: Get started with Kotlin Notebook)

Kotlin Notebook is an interactive tool that lets you mix code, visuals, and markdown in one document. 

> You can use notebooks to write and execute code in parts, known as code cells, see the results instantly, and jot down your thoughts. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use notebooks to write and execute code in sections called _code cells_, see the results instantly, and write down your thoughts. 
```
